# CS330CompGraphicAndVisualization
**Question:** How do you approach writing software? What new design skills has your work on the project helped you craft? What design process did you follow for your project work? How could tactics from your design approach be applied in future work?

**Answer:** My approach to writing software starts with an extensive resource gathering stage, during which I form the project's requirements based on the desires of the client or the rubric with regard to educational work. For this project, I created a checklist with each individual component that needed to be developed based on the physical picture I took. This checklist included each object, the shapes to make them up, the required materials, the scene light sources, and the textures that needed to be collected from the internet. This project has helped me gain skills in material design with regard to lighting in OpenGL, which allows me to create objects that react in interesting ways to lighting, whether it be realistic or artistic. The design process I followed for this project was simply requirements gathering and initial planning, resource gathering, and then iterative development over the course of multiple weeks. Tactics from my design approach, such as utilizing an in-depth checklist, will be invaluable when utilized in future projects that require higher levels of detail. 

**Question:** How do you approach developing programs? What new development strategies did you use while working on your 3D scene? How did iteration factor into your development? How has your approach to developing code evolved throughout the milestones, which led you to the project's completion?

**Answer:** My development approach begins with creating a solid, simple foundation from which to build in an iterative fashion. Because the development of this project took place across multiple milestones over many weeks, I was able to implement new development strategies, such as creating and testing simple feature implementations and then later fleshing them out through iteration. An example of this can be seen in how my scene's light sources changed throughout development. What started as a white cube hanging over my scene midway through the project became two covered windows in the background by the end. Iteration was crucial for this entire project, as each milestone taught me a new implementation, while the final project required multiple instances of these implementations being expanded upon. 

**Question:** How can computer science help you in reaching your goals? How do computational graphics and visualizations give you new knowledge and skills that can be applied in your future educational pathway? How do computational graphics and visualizations give you new knowledge and skills that can be applied in your future professional pathway?

**Answer:** Through projects such as this one, computer science can equip me with problem-solving skills, critical-thinking skills, and technical knowledge that I am able to leverage for my career goals in software development. While computational graphics is not the specific field I want to work in, the skills I have learned through working with its concepts will undoubtedly help me in the future. Despite not having career aspirations related to computational graphics and visualizations, my long-time hobby of video game development is an area in which I can leverage what I learned throughout this course and even possibly grow it into a professional pathway. I'm sure that I will also be able to apply the knowledge I'm taking from this class to any future graphics-based classes that I take during the rest of my educational journey.
